Add query command to tooling, document instructions for query command (#235)
smartcontractkit/chainlink-terra: docs/GettingStartedWithGauntlet.md

# Getting Started With Gauntlet

`gauntlet` is a CLI tool that helps you deploy and interact with smart contracts. Gauntlet for Terra enables you to perform the following tasks.

- Deploy Chainlink smart contracts
- Initialize and fund OCR2 contracts
- Transfer ownership of contracts using multisig
- Update allow list in access controller contracts
- Query any contract on Terra
- Send Luna
- And more!

## Quickstart

### 1. Clone the Chainlink Terra repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink-terra.git
```

### 2. Set up `nvm` and install dependencies

Install [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to help you manage multiple Node.js versions if you haven't already. Then, run the following commands.

```bash
cd chainlink-terra
nvm use
yarn

> ```

Reviewer: There is a `make install` command that should handle the env setup. Please check it out and tweak the docs.

### 3. Configure environment

Create a `.env` file in the root directory of `chainlink-terra` and add the following line.

```bash
MNEMONIC=replace with your mnemonic
```

> MNEMONIC must be set equal to the mnemonic associated with your Terra wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A deterministic Terra wallet key will be generated from the defined mnemonic phrase.
```
